add job scheduler page (#3253)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/deploy/dbt-cloud-job.md

- You must have a [dbt Cloud account](https://www.getdbt.com/signup/) and [Developer seat license](/docs/cloud/manage-access/seats-and-users)
- You must have a dbt project connected to a [data platform](/docs/cloud/connect-data-platform/about-connections)
- You must [create a dbt Cloud job](#create-and-schedule-jobs)
- You must have [access permission](/docs/cloud/manage-access/about-user-access) to read, create, edit, or run jobs
- You must set up a [deployment environment](/docs/collaborate/environments/dbt-cloud-environments) 
- Your deployment environment must be on dbt version 1.0 or higher

## Job scheduler features

dbt Cloud simplifies job scheduling, documentation, logging, automation, and alerting. These features make it easy to deploy jobs confidently and build observability into your processes.

### Job scheduler 

> Use dbt Cloud's job scheduler to streamline your data transformation workflows, build observability, govern data, and empower data teams to run dbt in production with ease. Create custom schedules to run production jobs and decrease operating costs by using automation. 

Reviewer: This paragraph is totally packed with information! I think these key words (data governance, build observability, etc) are super important to use but can we unpack this a little so we really convey the power of the job scheduler? For example, we might say, "By using dbt Cloud job scheduler, you can improve the efficiency of your data transformation process, while also gaining greater visibility into its progress." The data governance piece might be something about how data is being transformed consistently, according to your organization standards.

I know we usually optimize for being brief but this feels like it could use a little more context here. 
```suggestion
The dbt Cloud job scheduler optimizes your data transformation workflows, builds observability, governs data, and empowers data teams to run dbt in production with ease. Create custom schedules to run production jobs and decrease operating costs by using automation. 
```

Author: that's wonderful feedback, Leona! thank you! ive been told in the past to keep it more brief so it's nice to hear we can add more context on certain scenarios 🙏 

let me know what you think about the updated text!

- You must have a [dbt Cloud account](https://www.getdbt.com/signup/) and [Developer seat license](/docs/cloud/manage-access/seats-and-users)
- You must have a dbt project connected to a [data platform](/docs/cloud/connect-data-platform/about-connections)
- You must [create a dbt Cloud job](#create-and-schedule-jobs)
- You must have [access permission](/docs/cloud/manage-access/about-user-access) to read, create, edit, or run jobs
- You must set up a [deployment environment](/docs/collaborate/environments/dbt-cloud-environments) 
- Your deployment environment must be on dbt version 1.0 or higher

## Job scheduler features

dbt Cloud simplifies job scheduling, documentation, logging, automation, and alerting. These features make it easy to deploy jobs confidently and build observability into your processes.

### Job scheduler 

The dbt Cloud job scheduler is a powerful tool that helps data teams optimize their data transformation workflows, makes it easier to run dbt in production environments, governs data, automates your dbt jobs, and empowers teams to get results faster with less effort. 

> Use the scheduler to improve the efficiency of your data transformation process, while also gaining greater visibility into its progress. You can use custom scheduling for your jobs, which allow you to run them automatically and save money by reducing manual work. It also provides governance policies to make sure your data is transformed consistently and meets your organization's standards.

Reviewer: 😍

Author: thank you for that great feedback, Leona!

Author: hey @schottj , this is the pr that explains the job scheduler, queue time, and memory pod. let me know your thoughts when you're able to! thank you all

- You must have a [dbt Cloud account](https://www.getdbt.com/signup/) and [Developer seat license](/docs/cloud/manage-access/seats-and-users)
- You must have a dbt project connected to a [data platform](/docs/cloud/connect-data-platform/about-connections)
- You must [create a dbt Cloud job](#create-and-schedule-jobs)
- You must have [access permission](/docs/cloud/manage-access/about-user-access) to read, create, edit, or run jobs
- You must set up a [deployment environment](/docs/collaborate/environments/dbt-cloud-environments) 
- Your deployment environment must be on dbt version 1.0 or higher

## Job scheduler features

dbt Cloud simplifies job scheduling, documentation, logging, automation, and alerting. These features make it easy to deploy jobs confidently and build observability into your processes.

### Job scheduler 

The dbt Cloud job scheduler is a powerful tool that helps data teams optimize their data transformation workflows, makes it easier to run dbt in production environments, governs data, automates your dbt jobs, and empowers teams to get results faster with less effort. 

> Use the scheduler to improve the efficiency of your data transformation process, while also gaining greater visibility into its progress. You can use custom scheduling for your jobs, which allow you to run them automatically and save money by reducing manual work. It also provides governance policies to make sure your data is transformed consistently and meets your organization's standards.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use the scheduler to improve the efficiency of your data transformation process, while also gaining greater visibility into its progress. You can use custom scheduling for your jobs, which allows you to flexibly run jobs to meet your company's data freshness needs. The dbt Cloud Scheduler gives you power, while abstracting away complexity.
```

Refer to [job scheduler](/docs/deploy/job-scheduler) for more info on how the scheduler works. 

<Lightbox src="/img/docs/dbt-cloud/deployment/deploy-scheduler.jpg" width="100%" title="An overview of a dbt Cloud job run"/>

### Notifications

> Set up job notifications to inform you via email or a selected Slack channel when a job run succeeds, fails, or is cancelled, enabling you to respond quickly and proactively.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Set up job notifications to inform you via email or a selected Slack channel when a job run succeeds, fails, or is canceled, enabling you to respond quickly and proactively.  
```

Refer to [job notifications](/docs/deploy/job-notifications) for more info. 

### Host and share docs

You can set up, view, and share your project documentation in order to streamline your team's collaboration and productivity. Invite teammates to dbt Cloud to collaborate and share documentation. 

Refer to [build and view your docs](/docs/collaborate/build-and-view-your-docs) for more info.

### Access logs

You can view or download in-progress and historical logs for your dbt runs, making it easy for anyone on the team to debug errors more efficiently.

<Lightbox src="/img/docs/dbt-cloud/deployment/access-logs.jpg" width="85%" title="Access logs for run steps" />

### Model timing 
> Available on [multi-tenant](/docs/cloud/about-cloud/regions-ip-addresses) dbt Cloud accounts on the [Team or Enterprise plans](https://www.getdbt.com/pricing/).

> The model timing dashboard on dbt Cloud displays the composition, order, and time taken by each job run. The visualization appears for successful jobs and highlights the top 1% model durations. This helps you identify bottlenecks in your models, so you can explore them and potentially make changes to improve their performance. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The model timing dashboard on dbt Cloud displays the composition, order, and time taken by each model in a job run. The visualization appears for successful jobs and highlights the top 1% model durations. This helps you identify bottlenecks in your runs, so you can investigate them and potentially make changes to improve their performance. 
```

You can find the dashboard on the **Run Overview** page. 

<Lightbox src="/img/docs/dbt-cloud/model-timing.jpg" width="85%" title="The model timing tab displays the top 1% of model durations and visualizes model bottlenecks" />

### Automate workflows

In order to ensure that your data pipelines are functioning seamlessly and efficiently, use dbt Cloud tools such as:

- [dbt API](/docs/dbt-cloud-apis/overview) &mdash; Administrate a dbt Cloud account or fetch your project metadata.
- [Continuous Integration](/docs/deploy/cloud-ci-job) &mdash; Test every single code change you make prior to deploying that new logic into production. 
- [Webhooks](/docs/deploy/webhooks) &mdash; Create outbound webhooks to send events (notifications) about your dbt jobs to your other systems

These tools provide you with automated workflows and streamline your data processing, enabling you to focus on other crucial tasks and increase your overall productivity.

## Create and schedule jobs

>  Jobs are a set of dbt commands that you want to run on a schedule, which you can do in dbt Cloud. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Jobs make it easy to run dbt commands against a project in the your cloud data platform, triggered either by schedule or events.
--

<br class="Apple-interchange-newline">. 
```

You can find the dashboard on the **Run Overview** page. 

<Lightbox src="/img/docs/dbt-cloud/model-timing.jpg" width="85%" title="The model timing tab displays the top 1% of model durations and visualizes model bottlenecks" />

### Automate workflows

In order to ensure that your data pipelines are functioning seamlessly and efficiently, use dbt Cloud tools such as:

- [dbt API](/docs/dbt-cloud-apis/overview) &mdash; Administrate a dbt Cloud account or fetch your project metadata.
- [Continuous Integration](/docs/deploy/cloud-ci-job) &mdash; Test every single code change you make prior to deploying that new logic into production. 
- [Webhooks](/docs/deploy/webhooks) &mdash; Create outbound webhooks to send events (notifications) about your dbt jobs to your other systems

These tools provide you with automated workflows and streamline your data processing, enabling you to focus on other crucial tasks and increase your overall productivity.

## Create and schedule jobs

Jobs make it easy to run dbt commands against a project in the your cloud data platform, triggered either by schedule or events.
--

> <br class="Apple-interchange-newline">. 

Author: ```suggestion
```
